Are you really willing to let me go?
Good, have a good rest, don't think about it.
I'll take you out to dinner when I'm free on weekends.
to relax
Whether it is the Ning family
Still rich
They all need an heir
You must
To give birth to a healthy child
Why is my wealth only 5%?
It's all useless garden real estate
One year's income is not enough for my cosmetics expenses
What's that?
Miss, don't be angry.
After all, you are not the real Miss Ning
Grandpa said
If it weren't for you sowing discord in the middle
The real lady who almost died
It is an asset given to you based on the love of the past.
Dog eyes look down on people
I know he's not dead yet.
I need to see him.
Sorry grandpa doesn't want to see you
You are no longer the real Miss Ning family
You can't live in this house either
I advise you to move away quickly
Otherwise, I'll call someone to drive you away
The person who has been by my father's side for 16 years is me
Why does that scheming bitch show up?
Took everything
Come in and I'll definitely settle the bill with you.
I'm having a hard time
Don't think about it later